[Pyomo.DoE] update documentation (#3812)
Pyomo/pyomo: doc/OnlineDocs/explanation/analysis/doe/doe.rst

Pyomo ecosystem. The user provides one Pyomo model, a set of parameter nominal values,
the allowable design spaces for design variables, and the assumed observation error model.
During exploratory analysis, Pyomo.DoE checks if the model parameters can be 
inferred from the postulated measurements or preliminary data.
MBDoE then recommends optimized experimental conditions for collecting more data.
Parameter estimation packages such as :ref:`Parmest <parmest>` can perform 
parameter estimation using the available data to infer values for parameters,
and facilitate an uncertainty analysis to approximate the parameter covariance matrix.
If the parameter uncertainties are sufficiently small, the workflow terminates 
and returns the final model with quantified parametric uncertainty.
If not, MBDoE recommends optimized experimental conditions to generate new data 
that will maximize information gain and eventually reduce parameter uncertainty.

Below is an overview of the type of optimization models Pyomo.DoE can accommodate:

* Pyomo.DoE is suitable for optimization models of **continuous** variables
* Pyomo.DoE can handle **equality constraints** defining state variables

> * Pyomo.DoE supports (Partial) Differential-Algebraic Equations (PDAE) models via Pyomo.DAE

Reviewer: Link to Pyomo.DAE in the documentation

Methodology Overview
---------------------

Model-based Design of Experiments (MBDoE) is a technique to maximize the information 
gain from experiments by directly using science-based models with physically meaningful 
parameters. It is one key component in the model calibration and uncertainty 
quantification workflow shown below:

.. figure:: pyomo_workflow_new.png
  :align: center
  :scale: 90 %

   The parameter estimation, uncertainty analysis, and MBDoE are 
   combined into an iterative framework to select, refine, and calibrate science-based 
   mathematical models with quantified uncertainty. Currently, Pyomo.DoE focuses on 

>    increasing parameter precision.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameter estimation, uncertainty analysis, and MBDoE are 
combined into an iterative framework to select, refine, and calibrate science-based 
mathematical models with quantified uncertainty. Currently, Pyomo.DoE focuses on 
increasing parameter precision.
```
I think this paragraph was indented by mistake which is causing it to not render in the online docs.

      - Computation
      - Geometrical meaning
    * - A-optimality
      -   :math:`\text{trace}({\mathbf{M}}^{-1})`
      - Dimensions of the enclosing box of the confidence ellipse (derived from the covariance matrix)
    * - Pseudo A-optimality
      -   :math:`\text{trace}({\mathbf{M}})`
      - Dimensions of the enclosing box of the confidence ellipse (derived from the Fisher Information Matrix)
    * - D-optimality
      -   :math:`\text{det}({\mathbf{M}})`

>       - Volume of the confidence ellipse (derived from the Fisher Information Matrix)

Reviewer: Work out the math on paper with the eigenvalues. This will show the equivalence of the geometric interpretations.

      - Computation
      - Geometrical meaning
    * - A-optimality
      -   :math:`\text{trace}(\mathbf{V}) = \text{trace}(\mathbf{M}^{-1})`

>       - Minimizing this is equivalent to minimizing enclosing box of the confidence ellipse

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Minimizing this is equivalent to minimizing the enclosing box of the confidence ellipse
```

    * - Pseudo A-optimality
      -   :math:`\text{trace}(\mathbf{M})`
      - Maximizing this is equivalent to maximizing the dimensions of the enclosing box of the Fisher Information Matrix
    * - D-optimality
      -   :math:`\det(\mathbf{M}) = 1/\det(\mathbf{V})`
      - Maximizing this is equivalent to minimizing confidence-ellipsoid volume
    * - E-optimality
      -   :math:`\lambda_{\min}(\mathbf{M}) = 1/\lambda_{\max}(\mathbf{V})`
      - Maximizing this is equivalent to minimizing the longest axis of the confidence ellipse
    * - Modified E-optimality
      -   :math:`\text{cond}(\mathbf{M}) = \text{cond}(\mathbf{V})`
      - Minimizing this is equivalent to minimizing the ratio of the longest axis to the shortest axis of the confidence ellipse

.. note::
    A confidence ellipse is a geometric representation of the uncertainty in parameter 
    estimates. It is derived from the covariance matrix :math:`\mathbf{V}`. 

In order to solve problems of the above, Pyomo.DoE implements the 2-stage stochastic program. Please see Wang and Dowling (2022) for details.

Pyomo.DoE Required Inputs

> --------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pyomo.DoE Required Inputs
-------------------------
```

> The required input to the Pyomo.DoE is a subclass of the :ref:`Parmest <parmest>` ``Experiment`` class. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Pyomo.DoE, a user must implement a subclass of the :ref:`Parmest <parmest>` ``Experiment`` class. 
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Exploratory analysis is suggested to enumerate the design space to check if the problem is identifiable,
i.e., ensure that D-, E-optimality metrics are not small numbers near zero, and Modified E-optimality is not a big number. 
Additionally, it helps to initialize the model for the optimal experimental design step. 

Pyomo.DoE can perform exploratory sensitivity analysis with the ``compute_FIM_full_factorial`` method.
The ``compute_FIM_full_factorial`` method generates a grid over the design space as specified by the user. Each grid point represents an MBDoE problem solved using ``compute_FIM`` method. In this way, sensitivity of the FIM over the design space can be evaluated.

The following code executes the above problem description:

> .. code-block:: python

Author: I copied and pasted the code from the example to skip the booleans that we have in the original example. However, I agree that testing this is important. So, I have added `.. literalinclude::` and removed the copy-pasted code.

Step 5: Exploratory analysis (Enumeration)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

After creating the subclass of the ``Experiment`` class, exploratory analysis is 
suggested to enumerate the design space to check if the problem is identifiable,
i.e., ensure that D-, E-optimality metrics are not small numbers near zero, and 
Modified E-optimality is not a big number. 
Additionally, it helps to initialize the model for the optimal experimental design step. 

Pyomo.DoE can perform exploratory sensitivity analysis with the ``compute_FIM_full_factorial`` method.
The ``compute_FIM_full_factorial`` method generates a grid over the design space as specified by the user. 

> Each grid point represents an MBDoE problem solved using ``compute_FIM`` method. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each grid point represents an MBDoE problem solved using the ``compute_FIM`` method. 
```

In this way, sensitivity of the FIM over the design space can be evaluated. 

> Pyomo.DoE supports plotting the results from ``compute_FIM_full_factorial`` method 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pyomo.DoE supports plotting the results from the ``compute_FIM_full_factorial`` method 
```
